updates to concept (#5961)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/manage-user-creds/index.md

This section outlines the risk areas in token management and explains why a security strategy is essential to prevent unauthorized access and protect user data.

### Risk areas

* **Compromised user identity and data**: If unauthorized parties access tokens, a user's identity could be compromised. Without proper management, token leaks can pose a significant risk to user data. However, OAuth 2.0 tokens used for authorizing API requests are short-lived. You can configure them to expire after a specific duration, which reduces the window of opportunity for attackers to misuse them. In contrast, using passwords directly can remain valid indefinitely unless explicitly changed.
* **Vulnerabilities in web environments**: Web browsers introduce unique security challenges, particularly from Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) and Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities.

>   * XSS attacks involve malicious scripts running inside your app. These scripts can execute any potential actions that your app can perform. Frequently, attackers use XSS to steal authentication tokens stored in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * XSS attacks involve malicious scripts running inside your app. These scripts can execute any potential actions that your app can perform. Frequently, attackers use XSS to steal authentication tokens that are stored in the browser.
```

#### Backend for frontend model

The [Backend for Frontend (BFF)](https://auth0.com/blog/the-backend-for-frontend-pattern-bff/#The-Backend-For-Frontend-Pattern) model is another approach to handle token storage and security, as it fundamentally changes where sensitive tokens are managed. Instead of storing tokens directly in the browser, the BFF pattern shifts responsibility to a dedicated server layer. This greatly simplifies the client's role.

In the front-channel model, the client can talk directly to multiple client services. However, with BFF, the front-end client only talks to the BFF, a single, purpose-built backend service. The BFF then handles all communication with the other backend services, including the identity provider. This model centralizes all token management on a single, trusted server, which reduces the attack surface and makes the system more resilient to client-side attacks.

Here's how this changes the flow for token storage:

1. **Authentication**: The user authenticates with the BFF.
1. **Server-side token management**: The BFF handles the entire token exchange.

>    * It receives the user's refresh token and access token from the identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * It receives the user's refresh token and access token from the IdP.
```
